{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Overall recommendation: \'a0Accept Minor\
------------------------------------------------------------\
\
<review>\
There are no concerns with the software itself in this case.\
The profile and community surrounding this project, plus the\
fact that it is shipped as part of Emacs, provides ample\
evidence of the success of the developers in producing\
useful, widely-available, and quality code.\
\
The comments of the reviewers, supplemented by my own, are\
focused on the article itself and improvements on the\
description and explanation of the software. \'a0The main\
negative feedback from one reviewer was the fact that\
this software is Emacs-only, which reduces its potential\
audience. \'a0This makes it all the more important to make\
sure that people, such as the other reviewer, are given\
as much support and encouragement as possible to be able to\
try out this software.\
\
\
Associate Editor comments:\
------------------------------------------------------------\
\
- There needs to be more references to other comparable\
\'a0software and what makes this project different. \'a0Examples\
\'a0(just from the R world) are SASweave, StatWeave, ODFweave,\
\'a0Sword, and cacheSweave.\
\
- In some areas there is too little information. \'a0\'a0Reviewer 1\
\'a0makes several points about installation, but in a number of\
\'a0places I wanted to know more. \'a0For example:\
\
\'a0+ [page 6] How are data structures shared between different\
\'a0\'a0\'a0computer languages? \'a0Is some sort of (standard) common\
\'a0\'a0\'a0object system being employed?\
\
\'a0+ Several of the examples are perhaps more complex than\
\'a0\'a0\'a0they need to be (there are too many things changing\
\'a0\'a0\'a0at once between examples). \'a0In order to satisfy the claim\
\'a0\'a0\'a0[page 21] that this system is "easy to adopt", I think\
\'a0\'a0\'a0that examples could be made simpler and could be\
\'a0\'a0\'a0presented in a more incremenetal fashion. \'a0For example:\
\
\'a0\'a0\'a0- [page 16-17] only some code chunks have a :noweb\
\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0argument with no explanation of why (or what that\
\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0argument does)\
\
\'a0\'a0\'a0- I did not get a good feel for the different roles of\
\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0#+headers lines versus #+begin_src lines.\
\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0More explanation please.\
\
\'a0\'a0\'a0- I am not clear on whether #+results lines are manually\
\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0typed or automatically generated.\
\
\
\
Reviewer 1:\
------------------------------------------------------------\
\
Attached.\
\
\
Reviewer 2:\
------------------------------------------------------------\
\
To be honest, I've often wondered how to review papers such as this\
one. The software appears already well-developed with a reasonable\
user base (and a nice Google Tech Talk to go with it!). To me, it\
seems that the fact that many people are using it and that there is a\
sizable development community is a pretty good "review" of the\
software.\
\
Not being an emacs-lisp expert, I was not able to evaluate the code\
for the project itself, however I did install the software and use it\
a bit, particular on the source of the submitted paper itself.\
Everything appeared to work as advertised and installation of the\
software was straightforward.\
\
I think the main strengths are that the software provides a fairly\
comprehensive toolset for project management/organization and it\
supports a variety of languages that can be mixed together in a single\
document. The main downside I can think of is that the software is\
based in Emacs and therefore is inherently limited in its scope and\
impact. Overall, this appears to be nice, useful, and interesting\
piece of software.}